Music
Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.wn.
Music
I think we can owe that warmness to our warm-up guy.
Yeah.
Was that Kevin? Did Kevin come out?
It feels like a real TV show. I thought there was someone juggling out there.
Is there an actual proper TV warm-up guy?
Kevin Day, for those of you who are probably on the Reddit, maybe know that Kevin Day has arrived along with our ambition to...
This is all a hobby, all this shit. I'm just a rich, fat asshole that's just like...
I'm not trying to accomplish anything other than just seeing what the hell we can accomplish,
but Kevin Day is like the Alfred to my Batman, the microchip to my Punisher.
I love that he came out and did warm-up. It's a really triumphant Asperger's story.
I'm starting to think he might not have Asperger's.
There are so many cameras. I want cameras on how many cameras we have.
We have these racks of cameras, like velcroed to pillars and things here in this pretty unfilmable site.
There's Chris back there, who's a genius, who's like, here's my goal.
I haven't really been on the record about this. What are you doing, Dan Harmon?
What are you doing? Is the podcast going to change you doing anything? No.
If all you do is listen to the podcast and when you cut your character on the way to work, you're doing fine.
You can always do that. Who cares? Who gives a shit?
It costs me nothing to do to talk and it costs you nothing to listen.
Your camera's license is showing on camera right now.
We're filming your personal details right now.
See, that's Kevin. He's a hacker. He thinks like that.
He's Alfred. He's like, Mr. Wayne, you should know that Deadshot has the ability to holographically simulate your next move.
Why would you be thinking about that? Because if Kevin were working for the dark side, we'd all be dead.
I was just told tonight's the last show where I get to use music of my choosing.
We have to go to non-licensed music from now on.
That is one thing that I will admit is...
Yeah, show is over, everybody.
I think that is the one thing. That is a price we will pay.
Can we just do it until someone tells us to stop?
Remember, there was a show on Channel 101 called House of Cosby's where I did a voice-on.
Justin O'Reilly made it. And then we got a call from Cosby's people.
I was like, stop doing that. But we got five or six House of Cosby's out before that happened.
And then we just stopped doing House of Cosby's.
Stop doing that.
I'm busy with the women and the drugs.
Come to my cabin to discuss creative endeavors.
Okay. Well, whatever. Hey, let's not...
It's not too soon for that shit.
Some things, it's supposed to be too soon.
Sorry.
So anyways, I didn't really get a ratchet. What you're watching is, I don't know, I'm like the Howard Hughes of Narcissism.
Howard Hughes was the Howard Hughes of Narcissism.
I'm just seeing what we can do. I guarantee you one thing, you'll never...
Anything that you haven't, that you've never paid for it, you're never going to start paying for it.
I'm not going to suddenly tell you that cost a quarter. I don't think.
What I am going to do experimentally, because my fantasy as a Minecraft player is about autonomy, efficiency.
I want to create a solar-powered, like, biodome of a video podcast where all these guys, like Chris back there,
Dustin, our producer, Kevin, and people who help us, if they could draw salaries off of all of the energy that they put into the show,
if people were on a subscription basis, which seems to be the model that kind of works,
if people are willing to pay for things that they want, if they want to go the extra mile,
they're making a donation at the same time as they're buying the product, they're subscribing to it.
I'm going with the porn model, because the truth is...
What's her name?
For 20 years, you know, rich white men have been trying to figure out how to monetize the internet,
but almost as soon as it started, a class of very independently-minded, like, poor women immediately figured out.
You'd think that they were being exploited every time you see, like, that there's a lot of exploitation of pornography,
and I'm sure there is, but there's also a lot of very impressive, like, there's a lot of entrepreneurship
and, like, independent, like, people that know how to sell themselves can do so very well on the internet, and that's what you can do.
I was thinking, let's take a page from their playbook, like, if you love me so much that you can't get enough,
if you want my dirty panties, like, that's what you got to pay for.
If you want to just see something, you can probably get it illegally.
Give me a, for instance, there, like, what do you mean?
There's no, for instance.
What's your dirty panties version of the other?
No, the dirty panties is the video feeds.
Yeah, that's the dirty panties.
It's what you can see.
Yeah. All right.
It's bad to start a show talking about the show.
It's like trying to fuel a lawnmower on lawnmower.
Liquid.
Instead of gasoline.
It shouldn't do that.
The lawnmower won't start.
We should have started with my new segment,
Questions About Grocery Stores.
Uh, how much, how much do you, it's starting off great.
I love this segment.
I really love this segment.
Cyberbullied.
Don't abuse this camera with camera tapes.
Now they can see that I'm a human being.
I'm a victim.
Also, we know your driver's license info.
Well, and that was going to happen no matter, yeah.
That's a good point, I guess.
But I'm, is that on the outside of your phone?
What's happening there?
Well, it's, yeah, it's, I bend it over backwards.
All right.
Okay.
I'll tell you one thing.
As a Sony employee, this is the least of my fucking worries.
Considering the news considers it juicy that Joel McHale got a discount on a TV.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
But I'm telling you like sooner or later, like, boy, oh boy, I'm good at emails.
And I've been working for Sony for six years.
And the shit you know is juicy.
I am good at emails.
Read a couple for us.
Get fired again, man.
Remember how exciting it was when you got fired last time?
We went on a tour and made a movie.
It was great.
Okay.
So anyways, what was the segment?
Grocery store questions.
Yeah.
All that music goes away.
It's next fucking time.
I'm going to do as many musical things in the show as I possibly can.
Until Bill Cosby himself calls me up and says, don't do it.
It felt like Big Red was back.
Oh, I miss Big Red.
Where did he go?
He died in a shone.
He's exploded.
Is that right?
Oh, sorry.
It's always too soon for Adam Goldberg.
Adam Goldberg is so jealous of the most loved person to ever come up on stage.
It's like, I guess the Hamburglar probably hates grimace.
It goes home at night, just stabs his grimace eyes.
No, not Christmas questions.
That's our next segment.
Grocery store questions.
How much do you think one costs?
A grocery store?
Yeah.
If you wanted to buy a grocery store, filled with stuff.
Filled with stuff?
Employees?
The whole truck?
Delivery?
Employees, I don't know.
You're saying if you want to buy one, outright.
Yeah.
I guess let's keep the fact that it's like a business.
Let's just go with all of the things in a grocery store minus the things in back.
I think you'd get one for $350,000.
I think that takes it away.
That seems very conservative to me.
$50,000 and $1.
Adam, shut the fuck up.
And obviously, you're saying that all of the Skittles, all of the marshmallows, all the
frying pans, all the pantyhose, they all add up to $350,000.
You're just saying all the stuff out of the shelves.
The furniture too, like the cash registers and all the apparatus, or just the items that
you could buy in there.
I'm just saying all the shit on the shelves in the public area.
Let's start the bidding.
What do you guys think?
$125,000.
$2,000,000.
No, that's too much.
You think all the food in a supermarket costs $2,000,000?
I haven't even actually thought of my own guess, but I guess $2,000,000.
It does sound high, but I actually, I was like, now we're talking.
Okay, let's high-ball it at $2,000,000.
Let's say that's the number.
Let's call it $2,000,000.
What do you mean?
Let's say that's the number.
This is part of your premise as to how much does it cost.
Oh, no, no, no.
Well, okay.
Well...
I'm sorry.
What was the name of this segment again?
It's grocery store questions.
Our show is eating itself.
I was wondering, I was in a grocery store recently, which is a rarity for me since I was 35,
and I found out that you can escape that life.
By having an assistant or what?
Yeah, a girlfriend or...
Okay.
Combinations thereof.
Different services, websites, whatever I can do to stay out of the place.
So you rarely walk physically into a supermarket?
I try not to.
Bad place for bad people.
But before that, before 35, I spent a lot of time in them.
It's a common location.
I always, I find myself wondering, for instance, like what would happen if centipedes attacked
like giant centipedes?
Like centipedes the size of Dobermans.
Attacked a grocery store.
Like where would you hide, like I think about that stuff.
I would write a script about that.
I would set it in a grocery store and I would feel comfortable doing that because I've spent
a lot of time.
I've logged in my grocery store hours.
Where would you hide from Doberman-sized centipedes inside a Trader Joe's?
I would...
Well, I would...
I'm assuming that they're coming in like the front door.
Okay.
So first there would be this like period of like, Jesus Christ, what's happening?
Someone's screaming and everyone flocks to the screaming.
And then you see that there's like a CG monster.
Are these Doberman-sized centipedes out to kill people?
Yes.
Okay, they're after people.
Yeah, they're monsters.
This is a movie.
Okay.
And so there's like a CG centipede like killing, I don't know, Susan Sarandon or whatever.
It's like a cameo who's like the first to die.
You got her so you could get funding.
And so she's getting eaten and then there's going to be a guy who's like the most heroic
but the second to die because he grabs like a egg beater and goes like, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
And then he's like a really...
Who do you cast?
Who's your guy for this?
That's Chris Pratt for sure.
Because again, he's a cameo and he's like, listen, we'll drag your body out and set it
on fire in the first act and just come by for a day of shooting.
I'd really appreciate it.
But like somebody like charges the thing with an egg beater and it's like the big beefy
guy that you thought was the hero because of course this is an ironic age and you have
to remove that guy.
It's like the post-survivor world of it's not the alpha male you were counting on.
It's the, you know, it's the whoever the new, who's that IBM PC kid, John Long, Long,
John, Justin Long, I'm sure he's 53 now but whoever the new him is, assuming someone from
Yo Gabba Gabba, I don't know, what do you, what do you people watch?
Some Pokemon with like, he's like, I'm only at the grocery store because I have asthma.
Oh, I have to fight the centipedes?
I know all about them.
Who the hell invited this goddamn centipede expert?
To our grocery store.
Also, who keeps inviting people to our grocery store?
Also, what's my statement?
I've been a meat salesman for 35 goddamn years.
This is my Keith David impression.
This is a good cast so far.
Yeah, yeah.
He works at, he's the, he's the, he's the, he's the, he's the, he's the pivot.
He's the, he's the black guy in the monster movie.
What am I, why am I, why am I mincing words?
He's Keith David and he works the butcher section and he's like, God damn it.
What are these goddamn centipedes going on?
And then, and then when the kid, the kid starts going like, he's like, actually that species wouldn't
technically be called a centipede if they're, they can see heat but not color or something.
And then Keith David's the one that goes like, God damn it, am I taking orders from my boss
or this goddamn nerd over here?
But then he like, he's the guy that, all I know is that this kid said three things
and they all turned out to be right.
And everything you're saying, and then every time the kid said something like, a centipede's
follow, there's a thermographic entity.
Wait a minute, are you telling me these goddamn things can see heat?
And that's his job.
Translate for the streets.
All right, where was that?
My question about grocery stores is, we're moving way too slow.
I got a list of shit.
My question about grocery stores is how, the reason I want to know how much they cost
is because I want to buy one because I want to know how easy is it to push over the shelves.
The whole thing?
Yeah, because you always think of it when you walk in, like you think that you're in a room
and that like part of the room is that there's these aisles, but those are just things they put up.
The reality of a grocery store is it's a big empty warehouse and they just put up these like shitty,
I just wonder like if you, I want to like run up and like, I want to push.
Like how hard would you have to push to knock over a whole grocery store?
A grocery store.
It's 150 pounds.
I feel like I understand a library, like I feel like I know when I look at a library shelf
like what I would have to push to make it happen.
And I don't even, but I don't even, but also it's like, let's see if that feels profane, lady.
I think if you went at the bread aisle, that would be the lightest one because bread is like very airy.
You kind of take on the frozen foods.
I don't think it has a lot to do with the content.
I don't know if those things are anchored to the ground or if they just like, yeah, did anyone work in a grocery store here?
Did you work in a grocery store?
You worked at a super target?
What's a super target?
In the Midwest, there are a few.
Please welcome our first guest, Super Target, when playing.
What's your name?
It's Scoota.
Scoota?
Yeah.
Okay.
Someone said fake.
Is it an acronym?
Self-contained underwater.
My last name.
Target employee.
Yeah, so it's my last name.
My first name's Matt, but I'm from a place that had like too many mats.
So it's easier to go by my last name.
Was it Scoota, like you have an accent when you say Scooter?
It's S-K-U-T-A.
S-K-U-T-A.
Scoota.
And then the T is usually pronounced with a B for some reason.
Yeah.
Alright.
Scoota.
Super Target.
Talk.
Tell us about it.
So they're not out here for some reason, but there's several different types of targets.
There is the normal target.
This is a, if Liam Neeson did this speech, it would be terrifying.
There's something called a P-Fresh target, and those are the ones that are out here mostly.
P-Fresh?
Yeah.
Is that like some horrible cynical attempt with the urban demographic?
I think, I think, I think.
No, the P stands for produce.
So it's like, it's a slightly bigger target that has a produce section.
A relatively big grocery section, and then a super target has a full grocery section,
including like a butcher, a deli.
A candlestick maker.
So they're just bigger.
Wow.
Super target.
Alright, so you worked on a super target.
You've worked around these shelving units that grocery stores and things have.
So you've, are they fixed to the floor?
The only ones that are kind of fixed to the floor is like the frozen sections, like you
know, they do have a lot of like electrical stuff that they are nailed down.
All the other shelves are just really bottom heavy, because we do like a seasonal time.
We're getting real information about something.
So it's called life hacking.
I love our, we would be the best trivia team if we all went to a bar and played bar.
See, they put heavy shit on the bottom.
It's not just that.
An empty shelf is incredibly bottom heavy.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, when they do like, they do like the called planograms, that's the way that you
get a sheet.
Planograms.
And that is how you're supposed to set up the shelf.
Like what goes on the bottom, what goes in the middle, what goes on the top.
Who decides that?
There are people who, that is their job.
At Target?
Or how much does Big Snicker?
So Big Snicker has like a lot of say in it.
Like there are like certain parts of the store where it's like, we really want it this way.
And then there are certain things we're like, well, you know, flexibility here.
And then as things like sell out, like in the store, we can't have empty shelves.
So people have to go around and then decide how we're going to flex out the shelves.
Is that what they call it?
Yeah, sort of flexing.
Trying to make you feel like you're working for Patrick Swayze.
Yeah, no.
Okay, no.
Sorry, I won't say this one again.
You know we're going to super target.
This is a fucking bank heist.
Let's flex out.
No, okay.
And an insane thing about Target is like the, I think like the slogan is like, expect more pay less.
But the corporate slogan is the greatest company ever.
So, like, so not, no, no, we agree.
You'd see, but if you go like in the back room or if you go like in the break room, there are these posters on the wall, like, like 1984, where it's Target's headquarters in like Minnesota, Milwaukee, somewhere, somewhere up north.
And it just has like a giant animated Target logo and then in big bold letters.
Or I think it might be the best company ever.
So the best company ever.
And it's okay.
I've got himself couldn't destroy Target.
I defy you, Lord.
I've never been blown away by it, but I guess, I guess it's the best company ever.
All I know about Target is once in a while, for some sad reason, you have to go to Target.
You have to go get a thing.
God damn it, I need a trash can for my kitchen.
I got to go to fucking Target.
And then it's the most depressing afternoon of your life.
It's the worst.
It's not super.
Yeah.
I want to say about Target, though, when I was, how old are you, Scoota?
You look like you can ask.
23.
I was going to say 23.
Like around that age, when I was getting my first steps into like, oh, I have an apartment or whatever, like I have a property.
I need a plunger.
I need a dish rack.
And it's Target, at least in Wisconsin, it was like, that is the synagogue you go to, you know, achieve manhood.
A very late manhood in an infantilized empire where you're like picking your dish rack and you're like, oh, there's eight kinds of brush that I thought just grew out of my mom.
And then I now realize I need, because I was like, there's shit everywhere.
Oh, mom, used a brush.
There's a brush I let Target.
It's kind of fun.
Like Target is sort of a religious, it's like a little cove in the woods.
For me, I'm sure there's other stories that accomplish that fact.
How long did you work at Target, Scoota?
So I worked there from like 2008 to 2012.
And did you climb the ranks?
I'm hoping there's names for your job description that are very hilarious.
Kind of, yeah.
So I started as a cashier.
Right.
And then that is genuinely the worst job ever.
Really?
Yeah.
So at least I thought it was.
You have to deal, so you're kind of dealing with people kind of constantly.
And there are main, you know, people like to make the jokes.
And those get annoying very quickly.
Like if you're just a little bit too slow scanning something, the person will go, oh, I guess it's free.
And you just want, yeah, you really wanted to just kind of throw it in the bag.
Yep, it is.
Now you're just dealing with it.
Do you like it's all free and you're going to do it?
Yeah, so I was having like, so I was kind of dealing with kind of those same jokes over and over again.
It became incredibly frustrating.
So anything ever needed to be done in the store, like we need someone to take out the trash.
I was like, I will do it.
So they're like, oh, this guy really, he's really trying to work hard.
So not just not talking to people.
Just to get away from people.
Just to get away from the check lanes.
I didn't like that kind of the repetition there.
And so I ended up, I did, I volunteered to be trained on the cart pusher in the parking lot.
So I pushed, so then I went and did that and then I did a guest service.
She's like Charlie Sheen in platoon.
Like you were a cashier and then you're like, can I go and, can I go push carts?
So another really bizarre thing.
Was Keith David out there?
Keith David.
Why are you pushing carts?
Sniffing that cross, man.
I'll push you down by the river.
We got ourselves a goddamn hero.
We got here as a crusader.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Like another thing we think the new speak though is like, you can't, if you're heard by one
of your higher ups, your team leads, calling a customer, or sorry, a guest, a customer
you'll get a talking to.
A guest.
Yeah.
It's like, they're guests.
You have to call them guests.
And when is carousel?
17%, 17% as we all slowly die.
The irony is it's a Logan's run joke about how when you're so old, you have to die.
All right.
Well, Scoota, I got a full plate tonight.
You're lovely.
I think we could have done a two hour target show.
You're charismatic.
You're full of energy.
You make everyone pumped with target steam.
Let's have a hand for Scoota.
They're a very fresh faced, like a Boy Scout energy.
I liked Scoota.
And Target didn't crush his soul.
It seems like that's it.
Yeah.
That's either nice or it's either uplifting or horrible.
I worked at a trader, Joe's briefly, when I was 17 and it was the worst.
All right.
I'm going to go down to the checklist and we're going to start triaging because there's
things that will just...
Did we answer your question about knocking things over in the supermarket?
No.
Well, yeah, they're bottom heavy.
It kind of makes more sense.
Scoota, if you, me, and Dan ran with all of our might towards, let's call it the bread
aisle.
If we went right at the center of it, at the highest center of gravity and we just tried
to knock it over, could three people knock it over?
I don't think so.
I think you could dent one of the shelves and the shelves are also renewable.
So I think those would take the project.
Right.
I'm going to take the knock over a full thing and start a domino effect down the thing.
I think it would be hard to do it because, like I said, it's bottom heavy, but the bottom
shelf is like, you know, it's like six feet.
Yeah.
So you can't, your arms aren't long enough to do it.
I think they thought about this.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear that, America?
The ownership class has thought about it.
Have you?
Your move.
But don't name me and the, I don't get to, okay.
All right.
Here's it.
I was really compelled to talk about Lena Dunham tonight.
I can sum it up.
Just leave her alone.
Fuck you if you're like trying to burn her at the stake.
Okay.
Moving on.
You can Google that.
Our friend, Linahan was here last week and I noticed him tweeting about something about
Ms. Dunham and then I went down a rabbit hole Googling.
What's he talking about?
She's undergoing what I would describe as a Salem level of like witch hunt.
And I guess that's a hot topic, but, and I don't imagine we have a lot of people in
the audience going like, oh no, you don't have all the facts.
I want to really be, I think it's more of a right wing, left wing thing, which I also
don't give a fuck about, but it's like, there are moments in this culture and our new
hashtaggy, the social justice like awareness of each other and everything's evolving.
There are moments when there are things that you could do that are brave and there are
things that you can do that are, that are not brave and you don't always have to do
brave things, but I would urge people to knock over the bread.
To run everything that you're about to do or say through a little one item checklist,
which is, is this, do I risk anything by saying this or doing this?
Because if you don't, then it's not brave.
Are you making a gesture at me or are you rubbing your, okay.
I'm like, I'm like, I, I, it's like, no, no, wait.
The new president just got elected.
He's a misogynist.
You've got to cut it, cut it, cut it.
Cut the segment, cut the segment.
I mean, just, just, just Google it.
I think it's a fact.
I think what's happening to her is fascinating.
She is a creative.
She shares things.
She expresses things.
She explores things.
There are people who don't like young women with power.
I'm not me.
I'm not trying to get a jump on a bandwagon of that.
I think it's actually, there are times when it's actually difficult to be a feminist.
There are times when it's difficult to be progressive when, and I think that she is
being ganged up on right now.
It took me a very long time to get to the bottom of what was going on.
There was a lot of shit on the surface that, that, that threatens to suffocate.
Like what is actually, what, what the deal is.
I urge you to Google it and, and explore it because I think it's edifying.
I think it's very interesting.
And I won't, I won't bother with any more time with that because there's probably a
million podcasts that talk about it and you can, you can do your own exploring.
But I, I ultimately, it's like, what do we do?
I just, I just want to know what is it?
I, I, I, I, why is it that when these things come up, why, what is it in us?
What is it in our national psyche where we, when we hear about, for instance, the
topic of sexual assault or rape, that we, that we, we, that what, what muscle is it
in us that flexes where we have to figure out if it's right or wrong or
provable or all these things.
Like what are we doing?
It's a question that needs to be asked.
It doesn't have to come down to some battlefield where you're for or against
anything.
What, what is important as is, whether these, like, like all of these, you know,
the last week when we talked, we were talking about police brutality and all
these things.
The questions that we emerge with are the important things to ask.
What is the role of police?
And I think, like, like, what is, what is the point when somebody talks about
sexual assault, talks about rape, whether they're joking about it, whether
they're exploring it in a memoir, whether they're, I don't know, there's probably
eight other ways you could, you could, you could dance around that, that hot fire.
What, is there a responsibility?
Are we supposed to, are we policing it?
And what is our, what is our role?
Why is it that we respond in certain ways to certain people?
Just let's ask ourselves that.
I, I, I spent the day going down a rabbit hole.
I, as, as our friend Graham said in his tweet, I think that if you can judge
people by who, who their enemies are, I think, you know, Lena Dunham is, well,
I can't remember how he put it.
She's, she's, she's Christ.
I don't know.
That's not what he said.
But she's, she's, she's, she's being ganged up on it.
It's, it's pretty fucked up.
All right.
Christmas questions.
No, we can put that off till after New Year's.
Sniffers.
I don't like people who sniff things.
Okay.
Give, give me a, for instance, on that one.
I just don't like sniffers.
Like, like, I don't, I don't, I don't, I'm not, I'm not going to judge them.
People walk into a shop and sniff something?
Or are they, are they, like, what do you mean?
What, we better bring out, I guess.
Like, no, no, not until you've explained sniffers to me.
There's people who sniff things.
There's people, there are people in the audience.
I would love to talk to a sniffer.
I dated a sniffer once.
I need to know what you're talking about, like on a day to day.
Sniff, they sniff things.
Even though they know they're going to smell bad.
Like, they sniff, they pick up a piece of shit off of them.
They're like, ugh, ugh.
And it's like, what are you doing?
Don't, why are you, why did you do that?
Why did you sniff that?
It's like a thing you found in a mailbox.
I'm doing a camera take.
Ugh.
Let's bring out, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We're not done with sniffers.
Why, who's sniffing what?
Why are people sniffing things?
Like, like.
I don't know.
I tell you about someone that goes into a bakery and goes, this muffin.
I want this muffin or that muffin.
Sniff a muffin.
Sniff it.
Your experience there is defined by margins.
It's either going to be a bad smelling muffin.
Who is sniffing what wrong?
I don't understand that.
There are people who obsessively sniff everything they're about to eat.
They sniff, they sniff like shit that they find.
Like, they go like, what is this thing on the side of the napkin dispenser?
Like, it's like brown.
I love it like, I was like, why are you sniffing it?
What?
Who did this?
There's got to be a sniffer in this audience.
Does anybody, does this resonate at all?
There's a guy that's kind of like that.
I'm telling you, I think it's like some kind of tick.
That you have to sniff things.
You got to sniff it.
Even something that you know is going to smell like something bad probably.
It's too time consuming.
A guy that worked at Target.
I'll fucking, I want to talk about sniffing for the rest of my life.
Let's talk about sniffing with, my compulsion is to bring up both guests at once so that
we can.
Let's do it.
Let's get that guy out.
Kumail Nanjiani and John Roy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you sit too close to me, then it means you're gay.
Oh, well fuck then.
All right.
Let's do it.
I'm with you on sniffers.
Anti-sniffing.
You've met sniffers, right?
Yeah.
I don't know whether before or against his stance.
I haven't fully explained what a sniffer.
I don't even like when people are choosing muffins and then they sniff it.
Don't take some of that.
Where are their loose muffins?
Like Starbucks, they have them behind the counter.
You can't just look at them and smell it.
I've been there when they're like, can I see that muffin and people hand them the muffin
from behind the counter.
They smell it and they're like, no, I want a different one.
They'll hand it to you?
Yeah, they'll do anything.
I don't like sniffers.
I've known people that will take off their shoe and they'll look at the bottom of it
and there'll be some gum or something on it and they'll sniff it.
Yeah.
That's the term, it's bug trawlers, not just sniffers, but people who smell something nasty
can feel GTRO, TTE.
I kind of want to not talk at all for the rest of the show.
Sit in silence for an hour and all go home.
That would be an amazing thing to do for his birthday.
You finally had the last word.
Just wait, yeah, and give Adam the gift of showing him what would happen if everyone
just listened and it would be like time enough at last when the glasses break, you know?
Yeah, exactly.
It's just like, oh, everyone, and then you slowly walk up and you'd be like, and another
thing about this, you were saying this other thing earlier and everyone would just keep
nodding and listening.
Blog trawlers?
Blog trawlers.
I always felt like, if you know how when you were at a party and a couple of people are
talking and then someone yells out something from across the room and it kind of kills
the conversation.
That's not happening here.
We do have a more open format here.
And it's Adam Goldberg.
That's his role.
Yeah, I mean, that's his role.
And our role is to be annoyed by it.
John Roy, what do you think of Adam Goldberg?
I don't really know what the issues are.
I have a late comer to this.
I don't know anything about the man that didn't tell you the truth.
All right, you guys want something to talk about?
Can I say something, one thing real quick about Target?
I was at, this was a Brooklyn Target and this to me encompasses Target and Brooklyn.
Emily was walking around and she had a pen in her hand and this guy yelled at her.
He was like, why you got a pen in your hand?
You're not at work.
That's Target.
Target.
Yeah.
Thank you.
A pause break.
One man applause break for Target.
That's my audience.
It's one person.
Was that you, Adam?
Yeah.
God damn it.
I'm starting to see the issues I think now.
I think I'm getting caught up to speed.
Yeah, buddy.
I'm with you on the Lena Dunham thing.
I don't ever talk about it more, but it really angers me.
I think she's so talented and so good and it is so gross.
The methodology is the disgusting part.
It's beyond whether or not, the attempt to make it an issue about whether something is or isn't or is right or is wrong.
The methodology that people try to use when they attack people is very telling and it's very disgusting.
It just grosses me out.
It really sums it up to say, wow, you really, she's really an important person.
She really fucking is forcing weird ooze to come out of the ground on all sides all around.
Who had any idea that this was still needed to be resolved?
This idea that you can't as a, well, we're talking about it now.
She's going to be making awesome stuff for the next 50 years.
My parents love girls.
They're always telling me to watch it.
Is it good?
Is it that I really like it?
Yes, it's good.
She's a good writer.
I would not want to get in a writing contest with her and she's 28.
And I'm a genius.
And I'm old.
I would say that about very few people.
I was intimidating because she makes choices that would not be instinctive for me to make,
which is what an important writer does.
I feel that way about Woody Allen.
I feel that way about the writers that I really respect.
I watch a Coen Brothers movie when I watch it.
She's a good writer and that I would easily,
before I would even touch all of this ridiculousness and this political fucking socio-psychological bullshit,
I will definitely easily in a court of law prove to you that she's a good writer or your money back.
And that is why I guess the elitist side of me is a little invoked when people gang up on her,
particularly for things, because if you were a writer with a stutter,
if you were a writer with a limp,
the things that made it harder for you to wake up in the morning,
even though it would fuel your work and make it important to other people,
it wouldn't also be the thing that people could throw at you.
But for women writers in this modern world, it's like they're half the population
and it's not a disability to be a woman and yet it gets thrown at you.
It's like you can make people angry, this is becoming very clear to me,
and three years ago I wouldn't be having this conversation,
I wouldn't be feeling the way that I feel about this,
but it's just like everything is coming to the surface.
You can just make people angry just by being a woman, you really can, it's fucking true.
And you can especially do it by doing that plus doing something like writing a television show.
I was reading this interview for the CEO of Yahoo, I forget her name,
I think it's Melissa Meir.
And the interviewer described in great detail what she was wearing,
like that would never happen to a dude.
All that stuff really, it's so insidious and you don't even think of it,
but every time there's an interview with a woman,
it's about what kind of shoes she was wearing before talking about how she thinks, you know.
I was on Fox News on one of these shows and the piggy host of the show
made this comment about one of the female Fox personalities
that she wasn't showing as much skin as she normally does.
Me and Andrew W.K. was the other guys, we looked at each other like Jesus.
I thought you were going to say Andrew Dice Clay.
No, he is more appropriate for their network.
So I looked at it and I go, that's fucking weird, right?
I would a creepy joke, but it wasn't a joke.
She came back later, changed with more cleavage showing
because it was a serious order that she was given by the host.
That laugh was laughing at something other than her misfortune.
That's amazing.
All right, so done with that.
Seriously, what I'm saying is Google the shit and spend 30 minutes
because it's kind of a study in history that's happening around you right now.
Because I honestly, as a 41-year-old person with my full faculties
and my ability to Google stuff, I went from hearing some shit
to figuring out what the truth was.
It took me an inordinately long time.
And the truth is like, I mean, we just,
we'd have to do a whole podcast to talk about it,
but the bottom line is that there's aggression toward people,
that people want, that needs to be addressed.
It's not science, it's not argument, it's not debate.
This isn't like an ancient Rome platform where it's like,
well, is this logical or is it a thing?
It's not true. You hate. You don't like something.
You're angry.
And I think that I have felt that too.
And I think I can understand it,
but I think that it's like you have to look at moments of opportunity
to reverse or at least let go of shit that is inexplicably driving you.
Because before you know it, you're passionate about something
and it doesn't make any sense that you're passionate about it.
You're yelling at somebody and you're using your full IQ
and all of your academic research to wave a book in your hand
and yell at somebody about logic and flawed argument and all this stuff,
but it doesn't matter anything you're saying.
The whole reason why you went down that road with your book and with your IQ
has to do with some weird moment with your mom and your kitchen.
It's just come down to that, which is kind of exhilarating.
And the aplomb with which she handles this fucking like a 28-year-old.
When I was 28, fuck, dude, I was like, why don't you like my band? Fuck you.
I couldn't even imagine being responsible for any kind of responsible opinions.
Yeah, I would have fled.
I leaked a Chevy Chase voicemail and some Fletch fans called me an asshole
and I almost killed myself.
I definitely almost left the country.
I was a 40-year-old white man that had never had any problems in his life.
Fletch is a pretty good movie.
It's great, it's great, it's great.
The underhills?
It's great, but I didn't do anything in front of his wife and kids.
His kids are 50.
All right.
There is children, Dan.
They were babies 49 years ago.
Sniffers, Gotham, I got sold on Gotham.
We don't have to talk about that.
That's like the nerd equivalent of Lena Dunham conversation.
Somebody sold me on Gotham.
Did you have a run-in with a sniffer recently that brings this up?
I sniffed some milk coming out of the fridge and I thought,
isn't it a drag that we have to sniff milk?
Because isn't sniffing a debasing, horrible experience where you're sniffing?
Yeah, but if you drink the shit milk, you want to have sniffing.
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, fuck it, I gotta do this, I'm gonna do it.
That made me think of people who choose, or maybe don't choose, maybe it's a compulsion.
They live in a world of sniffing.
They sniff shit, they don't have to sniff.
That's what I thought of it.
Milk, you have to sniff.
If you go down the road of having milk in your fridge too long, you gotta sniff the milk.
You gotta sniff milk kids.
But even if milk kids, Google Lena Dunham, learn about misogyny and start sniffing milk.
And stop sniffing everything else.
Even if it's good, milk smells horrible.
That's true.
It's always organic, you always know it's from an animal.
What other animal are there grown-ups still drinking milk?
Let alone another fucking species milk.
None, it's just us.
We modified a gene to still drink milk after infancy.
We're crazy people.
Here's a continuation of my Unsung Heroes segment, which I started with Lena Dunham.
Unsung Heroes!
What was that?
Lena Dunham's pretty sung as a hero, she's fine.
What song was that?
It's You Drive Me Eight by the Dickies.
Oh, right.
What's your favorite song of theirs, John?
Oh, probably Sniffer.
I think that's on their second EP.
Bog Stompers or whatever that word was.
Bog Trotter?
I think Bog Trotter opened for Jethro Tull on the 72 Tour, I think.
Hey, you guys, what happened to Russell Brandt?
What happened to him, Dan?
I retweeted a thing that he said about how when he was poor and he complained about the class system,
people called him, what, I can't remember what he said.
And then he had a quote that somebody tweeted to me,
because probably because it reminded them as a Harmontown fan of things that I kind of express,
because I'm a privileged, I've cheated the system, I live at the top.
I'm one percenter, but I got a guy that mows my lawn.
And so months back when I was ranting a lot about capitalism, remember that episode?
Sometimes the response is like, fuck you, why don't you give all your money away then?
And I was like, that's fucking horse shit.
How's that a response to any system?
If you didn't like communism when you were in the party,
give your power to some other dude, that's pretty convenient response to criticizing a system.
Why don't you go fuck off?
How does that solve anything?
Somebody sent me a quote that he had somewhere that I immediately retweeted,
because I was like, oh yeah, exactly.
And I can't remember it exactly.
It was like, when I was poor and I talked about class, people called me a hater.
Bitter, a hater.
They told me it was taking too much hater aid.
When I was poor and I talked about class, they called me a hater.
When I was rich and I talked about class, they called me a hypocrite.
A hypocrite, right?
And it's like, I'm getting the feeling nobody wants to talk about class.
And I retweeted it, and you know, I have 250,000 followers.
They're all pretty, what?
Yeah, no, that's okay, thank you.
So this isn't even a sample size from the ocean of humanity.
This is a sample from my Twitter followers.
Overwhelmingly, just 10 or 20 people just kind of just responding back to go,
I think maybe it's possible they don't want to hear from fucking Russell Brand.
I get it.
The weird thing is, I spent all of the time up until his disappearance from the earth,
which is what my question is about, going, why is he popular?
I like getting him to the Greek. I think it's a funny movie.
Is that even wrong? It's a good movie.
It's got a really nice Hollywood mainstream structure.
Where did he go? Is he now blacklisted?
He wrote a book.
He had a few movies in a row that didn't do well here, and I think he went back.
So it wasn't because he became...
It wasn't because he became...
That's what happened. That's what I'm terrified of.
Just like, sorry, didn't work out.
I met him once. It was at a dinner with him, and he was incredibly charming.
He was very smart and very funny and very nice.
He's very eloquent.
But also, his shirt had buttons on it, but he wasn't using any of them.
It was completely unbuttoned.
Like a Robert Plant-ish sort of thing?
Yeah, but it was like, maybe the button that was so low, it was below his belt,
it didn't even need to be buttoned, because he was more or less shirtless the whole time.
And when he talked to me and he talked to women, like he was just very...
He'd write a book and he'd say,
chest to chest, nipple to nipple with Russell Brandt.
And he makes you feel very wanted.
I think for me, that's what's for sale.
He kind of makes you feel like you're about to get maybe made out with by a next heroin user.
It's very exciting.
Our built-in spring-loaded mechanism by which anyone who lives a privileged lifestyle,
like an actor who happens to be a celebrity, who should be so thankful for the lifestyle
they've been granted by the government-slash-people-slash-people magazine-slash-government magazine,
there are instincts to clamp down on their necks until they're dead the minute they talk about anything other than red carpets
and what they're wearing.
You're supposed to have been bought off.
I thought we had to shut up.
You're famous, all right? Why don't you shut the fuck up?
Yeah, I get like, stick to your jokes so many times on Twitter.
If I say anything that's like some sort of opinion of political or anything.
I think it's so many times.
I think it's fine.
If Bruce Willis got on Twitter and was like,
hey, you know, six million, it's a pretty high number.
You know, I think it's fine to say to him,
you're in fucking diehard, why are you a revisionist?
Oh, got it.
That number has been 9-11, by the way, huh?
Whenever you think of six million?
Yeah, you can't be like, yeah.
Certain numbers are ruined.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, way to go, Germany.
You ruin the number of six million for everybody.
So if you were going to get paid six million, could you just pay me 5,990,000?
I just feel more comfortable, I think, with that number on the chat.
It's like the 13th floor of a hotel.
Yeah, we just stop using it at all.
Just eliminate it.
It's fine.
As a consumer, you have the right to say,
I enjoy Liam Neeson fighting wolves.
I do not enjoy Liam Neeson's opinion about breast cancer.
You have a right to buy anything you want.
But you don't have a right to tell them to shut up.
Well, you do have a right to tell them to shut up.
But what I am saying is, our instinct to do so collectively is,
I'm telling you, when you do that, whose side are you on?
You are on the side of all, I just keep saying,
when you tell someone to shut up,
when you tell someone that they should be less ambitious,
when you tell someone that they should be less ignorant.
Ignorance, a hugely important thing in all life.
It is the thing that happens before knowing things.
It's different from intolerance.
Ignorance, when you meet someone who just doesn't know something yet,
the way you're going to find out that they don't know it yet
is through their big fucking flappy mouth.
When we discourage that, which is what kittens are doing
when they're attacking a paper ball on the floor,
you don't tell the kitten, that's not a dog, knock it off.
You can't eat that. Get in your kitten hole.
Be a more efficient kitten.
We love experimentation and play.
It is vital to us as a species.
When we discourage it, can we not just realize
that when you're saying something to someone,
if it's not something that Snickers would disagree with?
Big Snickers.
You can still say it,
because maybe Snickers isn't wrong about everything,
but are you a hero?
What do you think Liam Neeson's stance on breast cancer is, Dan?
Controversially enough?
It doesn't matter.
No, it does, Liam.
I know he has a horrible controversial PSA.
It doesn't matter if you have breast cancer.
It doesn't matter if it's the number one killer of women.
Wolves matter.
He's going somewhere as a conceit with that.
He doesn't just stop there. It doesn't matter.
Cancerous breasts don't have cubs.
They can't kill you with their teeth.
Do you think that Liam Neeson was into wolves before that movie,
or the movie was made around him?
I think he called him.
I think he saw it was being made.
I think it was starring Tom Green or something.
It was going to go a whole different way with wacky wolves.
Judging from how that movie goes, I think it was a comedy.
It was like Rob Schneider can't get a break.
When Rob Schneider beats these four wolves,
he's got a wolf.
I think the wolves probably talked in a lot of the seats.
Like, hey, Rob, you know we're going to kill you in act two.
No.
And then it's like, I have Liam Neeson on line one.
What?
I'm very passionate about the movie you're making.
The wolf movie?
The Rob Schneider movie?
I spent time with my daughter at the Botanical Gardens.
Go on.
How did wolves tie into the Botanical Gardens?
The Botanical Gardens are the one type of garden wolves shouldn't be in.
Exactly.
And the last thing that would remind you of the snow.
I also like that the people making the movie are calling it that wolves movie.
So dismissive.
And that they're ready to drop Schneider and the comedic tone in a fucking one phone call.
They can't eat without plates.
Yeah.
All right.
So Rob Schneider and...
Can Rob Schneider talk about his opinions?
Sure, everybody can.
Everybody can.
And we do a podcast and all we do is mouth off about our stupid opinions about everything.
So like, we can't really say anything.
But I think it is really dumb to expect celebrities to have,
for their opinions, to wave anything at all.
Once in a while there will be a celebrity who is thoughtful and intelligent
and will say something that actually means something.
But who gives a fuck what Kevin Bacon thinks?
That shouldn't matter on the face of, at face value.
It's crazy.
Yeah, Charles Barkley said something about how he was like,
racial profiling isn't bad for cops.
And it's like, who the fuck cares what Charles Barkley thinks about?
Well, also you can't be profiled if you're more famous than the type that you look.
Like, oh, it's Charles Barkley.
I know exactly who that is.
Yeah, he looks like Charles Barkley.
Yeah, he's like, I'm a black man and everyone's nice to me.
The first thought is in black man.
It's, oh, Charles Barkley, the famous NBA star.
I've seen him more than I've seen any black man here on TV.
I met Charles Barkley in Portland after doing a show on time.
And we were all going to get the bar closed down.
And he just started telling me stories about being best friends with Michael Jordan.
And it was like the coolest night.
He was just like, he's fucking hilarious.
How did Jordan come off?
Jordan comes off like a guy that, you know, like a nice guy gambling problem.
Yeah, okay.
And so it's just like, he's like Jeff.
He's like Jeff.
When you met Michael Jordan.
No, I met Charles Barkley who talked about being best friends with Michael Jordan.
Charles Barkley tells stories about being friends with Michael Jordan,
which is the Michael Jordan stories.
Everybody is, yeah, even his name dropped.
And so that's, yeah, exactly.
He could tell a story about just himself and it would be name dropped.
But then no ring club drops the ring club.
I mean, like that's the only long crowd buddy.
They don't know about rings.
Oh, they don't.
Some basketball.
These five blonde women came in the bar and they were all local news anchors.
Like they're all the women that worked in the local news channel in Portland, apparently.
And he's like, he's like, Jeff, apparently we were best friends now.
I was sitting next to him and he's like, we got to go to another bar after this.
I go, there's a bar right on the corner that's open.
A little after this, he's like, you realize you and I have to fuck some of these women.
I'm like, aren't you married?
He's like, yeah.
I'm Charles Barkley married.
You know, I'm tall.
He's a little tall.
He's twice as tall.
He's a big, he's a big fucker.
He's huge.
I could get inside him like a costume.
Like a tauntaun.
Exactly.
I got to cut open Charles Barkley to get all inside him.
I thought Charles Barkley is so bad.
On the outside.
So I go, okay, this is bar.
I invite these girls to this bar.
I go, it's just like, we can walk there.
It's like two blocks away.
He's like, Jeff, Jeff, we're not walking anywhere, baby.
I got the van.
And sure enough, a fucking A-team, a fucking mystery machine, fucking full on.
Windowless, white van.
And glamorizing John Wayne Gacy.
Man, I got the wagon, man.
We're going to take these teenage boys home and show them the rope trick.
He's a welder.
I got the crawl space, man.
We don't have to deal with this.
I got the crawl space, baby.
You know you and I have to eat some of these children.
We are hip-deep in human lampshade right now.
Not fucking a full on A-team black van.
That with a sliding door, like an old school fucking like,
like a Fort O'Connor line pulled up with like a,
maybe I'm mythologizing.
I think it had a heart.
Well, I'd love to see like security footage of this,
and it's not Charles Barkley.
It's just some dude.
It's Jeff and a broom.
He was just Barkley profiling a broom.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
He sounded just like him, you guys.
Yeah, the five newscasters are just like three cats.
Look, he was certainly a large black man.
He was a large black man.
It might as well have been Charles Barkley.
What is the team of the six blonde newscaster women?
Maybe you just gave a random dude courage enough to fuck these women
because he thought he was Charles Barkley for a second.
Look, whether it was Charles Barkley or not,
I got Charles Barkley laid that night.
Because all he wanted was a wingman.
So like, you know, Drew Carey's there.
We're all hanging out.
The only reason that he was there.
Where did you go?
Like playing at Hollywood in the dream of the people who founded it?
Like, where was this place?
There was a colorized John Wayne.
Get on some of this pussy.
The Star Wars band with the big heads.
Gene Kelly dances.
We're going to fuck some of these pilgrims.
Russell Brand not there.
He dropped off the face of the earth.
There's no more.
It was a goucho grill in Portland, Oregon.
And that's the end.
But so we get this.
I was like, we can walk.
They're like, no, we're not walking anywhere, baby.
I got the van.
And he puts his arm around me in a very like dominating fashion,
like headlocks me.
He's like, you're rolling with me tonight, Jeff.
Like training day.
So we get to the bar.
I go, Sir Charles, can I get you a drink?
He's like, give me like a triple vodka cranberry.
Something awesome.
Like he ordered a triple because he's huge.
And so I go to the bar.
He goes and meets these girls and instantly leaves with them.
He's gone.
He goes up there.
No, we're there for a minute.
And then we're up there hanging out.
And I go up to go to the bathroom.
He's like, Jeff, baby, baby, you're not leaving, baby.
You're not leaving.
I go, I'm just going to go to the bathroom.
Charles Barkley.
I'll be right back.
And then I came back.
And when I came back, he was gone.
He was gone.
He took all the girls and left.
The Charles Barkley pickup line book is like, hey, I'm Charles Barkley.
Yeah.
And that's the book.
Like once you say that, like.
Well, he got me in a van.
I didn't even say shit.
Like, I guess like.
Like, yeah.
I do like the idea of him like the about going back to his race stuff.
Like thinking that his like experiences.
Like, oh, things are much easier for black people.
As soon as I joined the Phoenix.
If it came, everything is equal.
That's his advice to be able to just join the suns and.
I don't know.
You have to be Charles Barkley because he's kind of adorable and he's funny.
Jason Kidd is seems like an asshole.
He was in the suns too.
No one likes that guy.
Well, he also had some spies to the abuse stuff.
You know, he's got stuff.
It's still sports talk, even if there's child abuse involved.
You're still talking about sports.
Sorry.
Deal breaker.
All right.
I want to, I want to, I want to go into our heartbreaker segment.
Is that more dickies?
It's still dickies.
So it's just the same thing, but we advanced.
Do you want different music?
Because we have.
No, that's good.
That's good.
We have to use up my music before we have to change everything.
This is a heartbreaker that I want to do our old friend, our friend of the show.
Dick Donnelly, who I tweeted.
He was, he was here one night.
He had a massive eruption of bullshit in his brain.
What was this?
I think that's the medical term.
It was, he didn't, it wasn't an aneurysm.
We'll let him, we'll let him describe it for a second.
But actually, I think if I just bottomed through the explanation.
Bontrotters.
I, he, he, and he, like, he came back.
Now I'm stuttering while I'm describing it.
He came back into the green room and his stutter was like, like, because it had hit his verbal
center.
And I was, I thought about bringing him up that night, but I'm telling you, it was just
like too, it was like, it's too frustrating for him to talk.
We've been tracking this guy's adventures since, since we met him.
And, and then was that night.
And I tweeted like, oh my God, he's all, this thing happened and he's, he's pretty fucked
up.
But he's, he's here tonight and he's, he's, he's going to, going to see his mom for Christmas
as a seeker you hear.
Can you, can you come up?
I wanted to touch base with you and send you off for the holidays because so many people
were so concerned about you when I tweeted that stuff because it was a tragedy.
Well, but you talk now, you sound better.
Thank you.
I want to say thanks to everyone.
I'm now nervous, but everyone who wrote based off your tweet and said nice things to me.
I don't, I didn't know I had such an impact on people.
It was a, it was an eye-opener for me.
I think I knew that when we talked about the Kickstarter and saw everyone fund it in a day.
And that was the first time it really clicked with me, but then to see a lot of people respond
on Reddit and, and, and on Twitter and write me personal messages.
It just, I just want to say being a Armenian has been like the best thing ever.
And you guys are all really awesome people.
Yeah.
There's like a crazy thing that you said to me in the green room because the first time we met you,
the first conversation we had with you on stage, we talked about the tragedy,
which I remember like Erin was like crying because like, like she heard it for the first time on stage.
That you're, when you had your, to catch you up, Iron Man 3, the seek, seek for whatever reason,
he's a medical phenomenon, has had multiple aneurysms and has survived them,
but has no guarantee that he won't continue to have them and has gone through experimental treatment
at the hands of these people.
And then there was an episode where Seek said, said, said to us that, that he told these people
who had been experimentally treating his aneurysms, which had had some results,
but that ultimately there was a point where you said, for better or for worse, I am ending this chapter.
I'm going forward into a world without this particular treatment where they put these coils in stuff like that.
And then you went off and we were like, okay, Godspeed, what's going to happen now?
Because as you said, like as you were off the treatment, like your memories were starting to happen
and your visual centers were starting to light up.
This tragedy that happened to you recently was actually one of these coils blue.
Yeah, no, one of the coils, which is rare that this would happen, slid out
and punctured another piece of my brain.
And it was a Sunday night and I remember waking up screaming and was taken to the ER
and they weren't my normal doctor.
So they did a CT scan at MRI, they didn't find anything.
But I knew something was wrong, so I kept screaming about pain.
And then I left to go do a comic book signing in Arizona while in pain.
The show must go on.
Yeah, pretty much, because they kept telling me nothing was wrong.
And sometimes I have things that are psychological.
So I'll go, okay, maybe this is one of those things, I'm not in pain.
And then I came back the next day from Arizona and couldn't talk, almost at all.
And then I felt trapped because that happened to me when the first aneurysm ruptured.
And I've had nine scents and luckily none ruptured.
So the coil slid out of the ninth one and it punctured a piece of my brain
and my brain bled for five days until I went back to the doctor
and saw my doctor a second time and they found the problem.
But at that point, it was too late, the damage was done.
The bleeding stopped on its own, luckily, because it wasn't a lot,
but just enough to break a levy or something.
But the good news is that when you came out of the green room that night
to do an impression of it, you couldn't say a single word without eight stutters.
It was frustrating for me.
It must be being trapped in a coffin.
Yeah, to me it was awful.
I feel weird complaining about it because when I go to the hospital to deal with these things,
I meet people who are way worse.
And I'm part of aneurysm groups where people are way worse.
So I try to let that keep me grounded of how much I complain about it.
But you look, I mean, listening to you has so much perspective.
We take so much for granted.
I was complaining about people telling me on Twitter to stick to my jokes.
That's fine though.
That's all real fun.
I don't know if this is the worst problem anyone's ever had.
That was me.
Yeah.
I don't think that that's the key to life.
I don't think that the key to life is all of us figuring out
that we should be using a metric by which every day we wake up in bed
if we don't have every problem that everyone has.
I'm not saying that what I'm saying is having perspective for me is it really helps.
Yeah, it's very important.
And you get, like, you see the big picture and just because, you know,
people are starving in Africa doesn't mean you can't get pissed about being stuck in a traffic jam.
I'm not saying that.
Especially if a starving African child cuts you off.
Oh, yeah.
Which I forgot to talk about.
That is number one on my list of shit.
Yeah, I'm like, why are you starving? Just sell the car.
It's a fucking hummer.
But I think for, obviously, we all have problems and relative to us,
those are big problems, but to hear you talk about some of the issues you've had
and then to hear you say that you don't think those issues are as major as what someone else has,
like, that's very inspiring.
And it's just good to have perspective.
Sorry.
See, are your memories still the same?
Are you making memories again or no?
Yeah, I mean, I'm going to see my mom and this will, I haven't seen her in a couple of years.
This is the good news that I want to talk about.
Okay, go.
But I own this. I own this.
This is all from Dan.
My mom, we kind of grew apart when I didn't have any memories of her.
So she didn't know how to handle that, like, you know, and I don't blame her.
And you literally had no, like, no old memories, no childhood memories, nothing?
No, I mean, I don't, I didn't get visual, you know, so I could kind of know that she was my mom,
but I felt it.
But you don't conjure up any visual attachment?
No, no, but now I can.
Really?
And I mean, I know what NT looks like and Adam Goldberg looks like.
Hey, there's pros and cons to everything.
I only know what he sounds like.
Oh, wait, oh, I know you now.
Okay, all right, no, all right.
Shut the fuck up.
Goldberg had, like, an achievement unlocked thing.
He gets the green lightsaber now.
Easy shot, easy shot.
So my mom, my mom, she just, she's, we, you know, I'm a big Superman fan, big Star Wars fan.
So my mom is, we had this connection recently where she said, I said, mom, I remember you and I used to drive her,
like, whenever she had extra money on a, we grew up poor, like, we're both still poor, my mom and I.
And she was like, do you remember driving around looking for Star Wars figures, like, to different toy stores
and, you know, trying to find, like, the R2-D2 that, like, was the rare figure in the set,
or the slave-layer, you know, variant or whatever.
And so we recently had been buying Star Wars figures together, like me on the east,
they're here west coast and her on the east coast, and it kind of rebuilt this, like, connection with us.
And so she'll send me pictures of the stuff she's buying, which are waiting for me when I go home,
and I've been Instagramming them, like, look at the toy my mom found me,
and it kind of gave my Instagram a purpose, besides, like, pictures of my dog.
So it's, so it's been, it's been kind of nice, and so now we, I have almost every memory of her, I think.
It's been coming back to you, you said, like, you, you're, and I don't know if this is a good thing or a bad thing,
I don't know if this should be a celebrated, like, Reese Witherspoon seeing things in color in Pleasantville.
You are in a sleepless state, you can't sleep right now, your brain is exploding with, that's a bad idiom.
Your mind is exploding with, you can't tell the difference between dreams and memories right now.
Yeah, because it's so overwhelming, like, I, like my neighbor who, like, is a really good friend of mine,
and she, I can now close my eyes and I know, and I can see what she looks like.
She's not even in the room.
Whereas before someone had to describe an apple, and you would like,
and we can't even comprehend it, because we're, we're trying to figure out what that even meant before,
where you were like learning to draw because you were an artist, lost your visual memory,
and you had to like, you couldn't see that.
Now you can't not see things, now you close your eyes and you see things.
And it's, it's pretty horrifying.
Because, because I've been remembering things that aren't good things either, you know, like, I, I'm, I mean, I never thought I,
I don't know, I never thought I was a good person, like I grew up pretty broken, abusive dad, you know, like a poor,
ran away from home, got into drugs, I was a narc, like, I mean, I've done like really crazy things.
Wow.
And you were a narc?
Yeah.
In Atlanta.
This is turning into memento.
One memory is going to come back.
Not the money!
Like, like, it's buried in Central Park!
Oh wait, I was undercover!
That's who that guy is!
Oh my God, he's been following people for a year!
Um, yeah, so I, but I remember when you, when you forget your life, it's easy to reset and be a good person.
Because I feel like deep down we all want to be good people.
And so it was easy for me, but now it's a, I, I am like, I, people don't, you know, like, I don't go out as much anymore.
I stay recluse in my apartment because I'm afraid because I start remembering all these things and I'm like, well,
that guy ever come back, you know, or now that he, now that I know, or am I smart enough now, I've done enough good now,
I've given more than I've taken, like, did I, am I okay, am I in the clear, you know?
So I, so I've been struggling a lot lately and it's brought me in and out of depression and brought me, you know,
a lot of places emotionally I couldn't go before because I had emotional problems.
So now, like, as far as, you know, knowing when to be sad and when the right time to be sad, I had issues with that.
Now I know when to cry, I know when to be upset.
And so to know that and to know, like, the good and bad things you've done in your life and to know that there are people out there
that have kept, like, those things, like, private, you know, like, I just, like, it's like a lot to digest.
So, um...
Do you think that people should always be transparent about every scrap of darkness inside of them,
or do you think it's important for us to hold on to the things, protect them, guard them, have shameful things that way?
I mean, I don't, I don't know.
It's, that's a good question.
I think it's, it gets case by case.
I think, I think, like, for me, I probably won't share some of those things,
but I will try to make amends with someone who I think I've wronged on a personal level and secretly with them,
and just hope that's enough.
And, and I will, you know, I mean, yeah, it's, it's, I think it's just case by case.
Me, I've lived these past five years, you know, I'll be, I'll be 33 in May next year.
So it'll be my, it's essentially my fifth birthday.
And out of this new life, and I, I want to keep going with this new life.
I want to look at the mistakes I've made, and I think that's everyone, everyone who's made a mistake.
You look at it, you dissect it.
Every morning you wake up.
You have this new chance.
It's kind of like, not to crassly like force that weld to all the stuff that we were talking about with the online culture.
But it's like, you do have an opportunity every morning to wake up to kind of change.
You could, you could just go, you know what, I may, I may not be reacting with, like, regular shit.
But I thought, I thought my, what I thought was my neutral gear actually is like a weird gear that was like handed to me by somebody above me or my past.
And actually there is a true neutral and you can just achieve it.
That's a, I don't, well, I'm not a doctor, but I doubt that you'll be overtaken in your wildest dreams that would happen.
I think we would love to have evil seek back.
You come back and tell us how women shouldn't vote.
I remember now.
Superman.
This is for faggots.
I think we would, the crazy thing is those seriously, like there would be a huge lesson too.
Because we could, we could, I think, I think all of the women and faggots in this audience could like watch you bound out like the Hulk and go, I love that guy.
I'm glad he's back.
I'm glad he didn't.
I think it's a cool opportunity in a way.
I mean, obviously you want to be able to have all your memories back.
But to be able to say this, I'm like, I don't, like, I get to choose right now whether I am a good person or I, or do I dwell on the bad things that I did.
And that's, we should all wake up tomorrow morning and say, fuck all the bad shit I did.
Let's just start being good from here forward.
And like, and absolutely just hit control, alternate delete and reset everything.
Yeah.
And walk forward and don't feel ashamed of all the things that you've done.
I mean, certainly you want to go back and make amends for wrongs you've done people.
Sure.
But I think you'd find that that's probably a very small part of you.
Well, and you'll also find that people are forgiving.
I learned that, you know, pretty recently.
And I think, I think, I wake up every morning with the question of like, like, because I, like I said, I'm part of aneurysm groups.
I meet other people, I go to hospitals and, and, and was at one point part of like a monthly group that we met.
And I see that I'm, I'm doing much better than a lot of people and other people are doing better than me too.
But so I wake up every day going, what, what can I do that they can't that, but should be done?
You know, like, what can I do for them to help spread a message or help, you know, do something good, light a fire under somebody who needs inspiration?
You know, like, how can I give?
And I think if we wake up every day with that, I think, I mean, I think then we will stop giving a shit about people.
Like, what does, you know, Kevin Costner think about this?
Or, you know, who cares what Christian Bale is thinks about the new Batman?
Like, who gives a shit that's not news?
Like, here's a new Batman.
What do you do?
There's a new Batman every five years.
I'll be Batman in five years.
Also, the fact that you just spoke for a couple of minutes without stuttering a single time in a while and just recently you couldn't talk.
It's amazing.
And that's the miracle of our podcast.
And you at home, if you're watching, we need your money.
Unless you want to seek on other people to continue to suffer, sign the back of your social security check and mail it into Harmontown.
I have a question.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, go ahead, please.
I was going to ask you how, I don't know how brains work.
How is your, how are your memories coming back?
It's interesting that it was in there.
It wasn't that it was gone.
It just, you couldn't access it.
Do you know how it's all coming back?
Well, I mean, stuff heals over time, especially the mind.
And so sometimes it's, it's not like one set spot where everything is in your brain.
It's different for everyone.
It's, I, that's why I think like, I don't know, I admit this is, I don't want to get too out there with this, but I, I, I look at a very good blend of the supernatural and the scientific.
You know, like I feel like I'm surrounded by that a lot because I feel like I've dodged more bullets than I would have.
If I was a God in charge, I would have given me.
So just to be clear, would you mean like when the tissue is damaged,
the memories that that tissue was responsible for go offline?
But when the tissue heals, then those memories like reappear in the hard drive?
No, not in every case.
But in some cases, mine, it seems where it was damaged.
It was just the link going to memories was the damage part.
So now when things kind of rewire and rewire around the damage, things start coming together.
It's not a real thing. It's these ideas are just stored somewhere in this lump of toothpaste we have in our heads.
That's some of the, I mean, I'm not allowed to talk about most of it, but some of the research stuff I've been part of is, is that kind of stuff.
It's asking a big way.
Is it Spoilers?
Is Will Smith doing the research?
Hey, Spoilers!
There's research that's gonna come out for the four years.
They're giving him standards powers, man. You can't talk about that shit.
If anyone's allowed to talk about anything.
Yeah, fuck them.
I sign a lot of documents.
But you can just say you didn't remember that, and they'll have to buy it.
Are they gonna sue you?
You have the best excuse for anything.
Oh yeah, you can be like, that was evil seeks not bad.
Yeah.
I want to get my wife and my Dungeon Master out here pretty quickly.
But Seek, what is there anything else you want to say before you go out for the holidays?
Yeah, I mean, I know my boss would love me to plug something, but instead I'd rather everyone here just do something nice for somebody for the holidays.
Give to Feral Audio if you can donate.
Give to Brainiers and Foundation, or the Joe Necro Foundation.
Give it to the Brainiers and yourism.
Okay, Feral, thank you.
Give it to something that really needs it.
But just do something selfless. That's all I ask.
Dustin's giving you the finger right now.
Well, people have brain problems, Dustin.
I'm joking, he wasn't doing that. I'm sure he agrees with you.
Now he is.
I'm sure he agrees with you.
Thank you for having me.
Merry Christmas. Happy holidays.
Tell your mom we said hi.
Let's bring out Erin McGathy and Spencer Crittenden.
Yay!
Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Jeff, your hair smells fabulous.
You smell like a million bucks.
Thank you.
You smell delicious.
Wait, are you guys sniffing each other?
You lousy bump trawlers.
She's a sniffer.
I'm a subject of Bog Trotters.
A Bog Trotter is an antiquated derogatory term for Irish people.
Well, as a man of Irish descent, we do sniff a lot of shit.
Ireland, send your comments to Ultra Burg on Reddit.
It's time for the segment.
Is he high or angry?
Wait, what segment?
I just don't know. Wait for the theme song.
Hi. Hi.
Are you high or mad?
I'm both. Let me tell you guys something.
Then that's shit weave.
When he's both, that's a fucking podcast goal.
No, I'm kidding.
This is all, I'm just putting it on for the audience.
It's not marijuana. It's not.
But, you know, Target, I'm pretty sure.
Wait, is it a gateway? What?
Are you co-baiting?
Is there a gateway?
There is a gateway. Have you gone through it?
No, what?
Just trying to, you know, Russell Brand, he's not off the map.
He hasn't fallen off the map at all.
He's become a lot, a lot, very politicized, and he has his own YouTube TV show where it's like the O'Reilly Factor,
but with Russell Brand.
That sounds like falling off the map.
That's so weird. Doesn't Charlie Sheen have that?
Yeah, exactly. Tom Green has that.
He's making the real grassroots.
Isn't there a Nambla channel on YouTube?
Yeah.
He's making a huge comeback. I resent that very much.
What are you mad about?
He just hit a thousand subscribers on his channel.
Wait till the Namblates hear about this.
The Namblates?
Yeah, yeah, me and the Namblates.
All right, sorry, we're derailing you. What are you?
What's on your mind, Spencer?
Nothing's on my mind. Just you guys are hating on Russell Brand just because he's trying to make a political difference.
No, I said he was sexy and didn't button his shirt.
He said the movie was good.
Yeah, I said nothing bad about him either.
He's not falling off. He's not falling off, Russell.
I know. I know.
Me and Russ. Rusty.
He's saying he's falling off. I was on his side.
I call him Rusty.
Rusty Rockets.
I was suspicious that he was being targeted and punished by...
Lena Dunham?
You know, her dog...
You don't listen in the back.
Lena Dunham's dog bites people.
He's not okay.
It's not okay.
He's getting his memories back one at a time, but just from 20 minutes ago, so it's not...
Well, yeah, I have to catch up. Russell Brand target.
You know those aisles, those shelves?
In California, they bolt him down because of earthquakes.
And this guy can kill your character at any time?
Yeah.
What character? We're already dead.
They bolt him down because of earthquakes. How do you know that?
Well, I mean, they bolted the ones at borders down.
And those are the same concept, you know, shelves with product on them.
Did you work?
It's a building code thing.
Did you work at borders?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We knew all about...
Yeah, you know, bookshelves are just borders.
You've got a real...
With books on them.
Professor, do you... I don't know.
Who's Andy Rooney?
Who's this Andy Rooney I keep hearing about?
Seems like every time I turn on a podcast that has someone over 30 on it, they're referencing Andy Rooney.
Is that a gene salad?
I take exception at a reference I don't understand.
I'd like people to reference things I do understand.
That's with soap.
How small does it have to get?
Andy Rooney was a guy at 60 Minutes who would basically do...
One of the most brilliant pieces I ever saw in Spy Magazine existed is they created a column that was a...
On one side it was Andy Rooney comments, and on the other side it was Jerry Seinfeld bits.
And you had to figure out who was who.
And it was tough.
Well Rooney just would do the premises, but there wouldn't be any jokes after that.
It would just be like, what's the deal? And then he would just keep saying that in different ways.
You'd be surprised though...
Did he get some good lines?
No, no, I'm saying you'd be surprised at how little bit you let Jerry Seinfeld get away with.
I think the point of that column wasn't look how funny Andy Rooney is.
Or is it...
It's not like after Seinfeld asks the question where's the sock in the dryer, he lands the fucking...
He doesn't put on a Darth Vader mask and do a thing where I found the sock.
He asks the question and that's what Andy really does.
Where'd the sock go? Where's it go?
Who wears sweaters?
The end.
Did you guys know that you can measure the passage of time by how many of Dan's buttons are unbuttoned?
Oh, you're Russell Branding!
You're Russell Branding!
You're Branding, bro!
I'm splitting like a...
You're three down to Russell.
I'm like a tamale.
Dan, did you unbutton those or did your kknave. prehensile?
How did that happen?
I assume that they were kind of...
I assume that I'm fat.
That's not how buttons work.
They'll pop off before they'll just unbutton themselves.
I think they will before they pop off they'll unbutton.
You think so?
Yeah, that's the... I think.
Alright, restart the podge.
They're not on Mythbusters.
What do buttons really do?
Get them open again.
Try your hardest.
Do it!
You can do it!
By the way, that is doing things I didn't think it could do.
That...
Oh my god!
Holy shit!
I want to open it and there's another Dan face on it.
This is a really good commercial for subscribing to the video feed.
Oh yeah, if you're listening right now,
you're listening later than this is happening
and you didn't get to see what I just did.
Let's play some...
I've been away for a very long time.
Can we play some little D&D, please?
I don't know.
Apparently, I found out terrible things happened to my character.
Oh yeah, so many.
What are we doing?
D&D, Spencer, hold on.
It's a game where you roll dice and we portray characters.
Oh great, can you teach us all how to play?
Whoa!
Fuck, Spencer, hey!
How's it feel, Jeff?
It's fucking... wow.
You missed a lot, Jeff.
You missed a lot.
Don't be angry with me, man.
I grew three more testicles.
For a total of nine.
Well, while Spencer's setting up,
can I briefly also say something about Target?
Yeah.
Yes.
Thank you.
I don't know what I would have done if you would have said no.
You may speak, woman.
Tell us about leaving to Dunham.
Well, one day I took my vagina into Target.
A couple years ago, I was at the Target on Sunset in Hollywood
and I was walking around and I was wearing a red shirt.
And I don't know if this is still the policy,
but I think the employees can just wear any old red shirt
as long as it doesn't have anything on it.
Is that correct?
Store-to-store.
Oh, cool.
Interesting.
So you're saying at a PFresh, you could have meant...
Hey, this really is the best company ever.
You mean I could wear a red shirt of any kind,
no matter where I go?
So I was walking around.
I was in the automotive section and I was in a hurry
trying to find something and this guy walked up to me
and he was like, hey, hey, hey.
Can you tell me where the blah-blah-blah is?
And I said, oh, I'm so sorry.
I don't work here.
And he's like, okay, can you tell me where the blah-blah-blah is?
I was asking.
And it was so...
It was bewildering and I found...
I walked with him and found it with him.
And the entire time I was waiting for him to say something,
and he knew I wasn't...
He knew I didn't work there.
I was sure to leave and say,
I'm going to go continue my shopping.
That is really weird.
That guy was that unwilling to say in the moment,
oh, sorry.
Well, if you ask someone individually for help,
they'll do it if you're in need,
which is so strange in a store
where there are people that are paid to do that exact thing.
Do you think it's like I'm just maybe flirting with you possibly?
I don't want this transaction to be over.
I don't think you flirt by going,
okay, so you can do it anyway.
I don't think that's...
Maybe Charles Barkley can get away with that,
but I don't think...
Charles, you haven't read the game?
It turns a woman on like a light.
He was negating her.
Yeah, it was a long neg.
You're not resulting in a purchasing name.
Spencer, why are you so mad right now, man?
I hate to see you like this.
You guys are talking a lot of shit about Target.
They make a fine product.
Spencer, do you get high before the show or during the show?
No.
When you're backstage, are you getting high while we're out here?
That would be illegal.
All permutations, you'd suggest it just then.
I think we have our answers.
You have a prescription.
You can get high anywhere you want.
What?
You have a prescription, don't you?
No, that stuff's illegal, man.
The feds, I'm not doing it.
Federally, okay.
I have a prescription.
Come get me.
No, you don't.
Hey, he doesn't.
In case you're wondering.
It expired two years ago.
I'm so lazy that the feds would find nothing.
Are you high on your picture, on your card,
because I've seen it before and you look super high.
No, I'm just that happy to be getting a pot card.
Every pot card picture is like, ehhh.
I don't think I have it in my wallet,
but I'm so proud of it because I've always said,
when I looked at the photo, I was like,
this is like a billboard for a Jason Sudeikis's movie
about getting a pot card.
Pot card.
Jason Sudeikis's.
It's kind of like prescription because I'm in the photo,
I'm like.
I didn't get a card.
I just got a sheet that said with the doctor and everything.
You pay extra for the card, which I was happy to do.
I have never, in my life, there's so many memories I have.
One is of Sikh's mother.
And I also like, I...
Wait, was that the most highbrow yo mama,
I fucked yo mama job?
One is of Sikh's mother.
I have a memory of your mother.
With a multiple aneurysm survivor,
you don't have to fuck him.
You can just say, I remember your mama.
Too soon?
No, you gotta get him in.
Oh fuck it.
The, damn it, you guys.
Walking to my car after,
like with a bag, a pharmacy bag with marijuana in it,
with a receipt stapled to it that said visa.
I bought it with a credit card.
Pot, because I'm Sikh and I need medicine.
And capitalism and democracy.
What is your main element, Dan, that necessitates the pot?
I think they led me into nausea?
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, do they like lead you?
I like walk you down the path.
There's three doorways that you have to step through.
I have answered the pot riddle,
or the pot will not be granted.
I think ultimately it came down to...
Spencer, can you give me pot dungeon master?
Wait, what?
Pot dungeon master.
What are you...
I'm not sure if I'm doing it,
or if I just don't get what your premise is.
Spencer, how high are you?
You just said pot dungeon master, like that means anything.
I'm walking into a pot store,
and you're describing me walking into the dispensary.
Oh, okay.
You're walking into a pot store.
There's magazines.
You gotta sign in.
Spencer, things have changed since I saw you last night.
Yeah, man.
It's these testicles.
Prescriptions, you know,
maybe Dan doesn't want to talk to them about this,
but you got a prescription.
Yeah, I know.
I have a giggling deficiency.
Is what it came down to.
Dan recently got a prescription.
I guess you don't want to... sorry.
Oh, you mean my... yeah, no.
I don't think I want to... yeah.
It's perfectly legal.
You recently diagnosed with ADD.
You have ADD. We've known this.
Wait, is that...
You got diagnosed with ADD?
Was it you in a waiting room with, like, all eight-year-olds?
Yes.
And you?
Did you, like, vision during a test,
or, like, how did they know?
It took surprisingly little time to get diagnosed.
I feel like I had to answer three questions.
Is this about scoring Adderall? Is that the point?
Well, let's just say I went to Yelp's top psychiatrist
so that season six could get done.
It was harder for me to get a pop license.
It's news to your wife.
What's that?
So this is news.
It's a medicine.
Wait, you haven't shared this with your betrothed?
Was it beloved?
We're a past it.
I'm a little ashamed of it and just wanted to take it.
You mean... it's a medicine.
People do this all the time,
and it's signed off on by doctors everywhere
and politicians.
Everyone loves it.
It's, you know, overdoses are one of the leading causes
of preventable death in America,
and everyone's just smiling about it.
I don't...
There's nothing to be ashamed of except America.
It is...
I think we have the title of our episode.
Yeah, I went in and I...
Yeah, I'm sorry, Dan.
I thought this is just, you know...
Yeah.
It's...
Cool, is Dan dating anyone, or is there...
Well, I mean, Dan.
He's got a role for that, I think, you see.
Yeah.
I was gonna tell you eventually.
I didn't think...
What do you mean, yeah, sarcastic?
No, no, yeah.
I don't know.
No, no, no, I feel weird.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
Are you upset that he's been, like, not sharing the...
Maybe that's part of it.
I don't know.
No, no, no.
I'm not upset you're not sharing it.
It seems like a secret the way it came out,
but it's fine.
You know, I also...
Here's some other things.
I've been getting a lot of CAT scans
about the things wrong with my chest,
my enlarged lymph nodes and my sarcoidosis.
Yeah, and then you get a...
It's fine.
He goes to the doctor.
I just want you to be safe.
I'm not sharing...
Dan hasn't been sleeping a lot lately,
because he's working on community...
He's filled with Adderall.
You can't sleep on that, yeah?
Well, he has to stay up, because he's working late,
and I'm a little concerned about his health.
How much do you sleep a night, Dan?
Three.
Hours?
On a scale of one to ten, I don't know.
Three.
Three balls.
I'm doing fine.
By the way, I found out...
He's fine.
What this isn't.
It went away.
Which guy?
You're healed.
You're cured.
Oh, thank you.
I can smell it.
I don't think so.
So that, it turns out, is tracheal stenosis,
which I think is just a heartening of the cartilage
and the trachea.
There's enlarged lymph nodes in my trachea
that I have to get biopsied,
because they have to rule out sarcoidosis,
which is only fatal five percent of the time.
All right.
Now you're all caught up.
They have to, like...
They've got to put a thing down my throat
and grab some cells,
and then diagnose or not diagnose sarcoidosis.
If they diagnose it,
then it's a simple, like, it's 95 percent chance I'll live.
Yeah.
According to Dungeon Master terms.
Like, you roll two dice and then...
Yeah, that's like five rolls.
Yeah.
Spencer, roll Danza.
I would have to get a critical hit by God to die.
No, we're good.
We're good.
Wait.
Maybe.
God autocrates.
God will one-shot you.
He autocrates.
There's no...
You don't have to wait for the 20 if you're God.
They have to really...
God doesn't play dice, man.
I have...
I have it in large lymph nodes,
which are battling something,
that they have to find out what they're battling.
You know what they say?
You have a 5 percent chance of surviving.
Of dying, sorry.
But also, in the meantime,
I did pop by a doctor who I did tell
I have trouble reading books.
You do.
And...
I see him at work.
That's just because you're late.
Did you go to the doctor with him?
Were you like his, like, hype man?
Yes, he did.
Yeah.
He's my chauffeur.
I don't have a car.
Are you for a job?
I can't tell.
I'm for it.
I think that he needs it more than a lot of people I've seen
get at or all and give it to me before.
But you're saying that people...
Not for Dan for my personal use in the past.
Sorry.
I wasn't clear.
Can you just say that it causes death,
that people are ODing on it?
And American shame?
Prescription drugs kill more people than any other drug.
Any illegal drug.
Right.
All of it.
And it's everyone's fine with it.
Everyone's fine with people prescribing drugs all the time.
So you're being sarcastic when you say it's good
that he's doing this?
No, I'm saying he needs it more than other people
that are using it, you know, to kill themselves.
And he's using it responsibly.
Because he's making something while he's going.
No, because a lot of people who have focus problems
and do work, you know, creative work, work that requires
a lot of hours who have serious ADD,
oftentimes take medicine to treat that ADD.
I don't...
Why is this so controversial?
I don't get it.
On what use, Spencer?
I understand.
You're saying in this case these drugs are good.
Overall, pharmaceuticals.
Big, overprescribed problem in America.
Yeah, and it's a problem that a lot of people
actually hurt themselves with,
whereas Dan feels guilty about this responsible usage.
Because I'm taking advantage of a drug dealing nation.
Because they actually need the drug.
Yeah.
Well, I agree with you.
But everyone would agree that one hour a night
asleep, no hours, three hours sometimes,
is really unhealthy.
That's not...
Yeah, well, that's not...
That is the case in, like, spurts,
with or without Adderall.
That's a fact.
Like, that just happens.
That's workaholism.
That's something that there is no drug for.
Except therapy.
Except money.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I didn't want to...
I wanted to bring it up on my own time.
I was excited about it.
Because also, I don't want to be like a...
I don't want to be like a whistleblower.
Because it was kind of fascinating.
Like, I got a prescription for Adderall.
And it took about 20 minutes.
And I answered three questions.
And then the doctor said,
you definitely have ADD.
Which I don't think doctors are supposed to say
about anything ever.
Wait, what are the questions they ask you?
What's this like?
I'm genuinely curious.
I feel like I'm kind of like...
If you don't want to talk about it, that's fine.
They give you like a little cat laser
and you're like, we're out in the room.
And if you look at it once,
then you get the prescription.
They were questions that I answered honestly.
I don't think that they're the questions
you need to triangulate ADD as a diagnosis.
I don't think, you know...
What do you think about Russell Brand?
What do you think about Lady Dunham?
Okay, good.
Yeah, now here you go.
I described my situation and why I was there.
I said, honestly, I felt like honestly,
people had given me Adderall in the past
and I had taken it and had a speedy effect
and kept me up.
And that recently,
it actually had more of a focusing effect.
I'm actually able to get work done
instead of not wanting to get work done.
And then I'm actually also nicer to Aaron.
I find myself kind of like...
If I take 10 milligrams,
I will actually kind of...
I don't know.
I'm a little more respectful to her.
Which I'm embarrassed about it
because it's a pharmaceutical.
I'm genuinely embarrassed about it.
People take drugs and it helps them.
I honestly don't think it's anything to do with drugs.
I don't think that this guy is qualified to say...
No, but you are.
That's not your responsibility.
It seems like you've used this drug before
and it helped you in a good effect.
People are depressed and they take drugs
and then it makes them better.
I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
It's over-prescribed but in a lot of cases.
I don't want to think that my personality is based on...
But it's not.
I don't like that idea.
It's not like these drugs you're taking are changing your personality.
Is it better than that dirty street
Adderall you were getting but until now?
It's all the same.
I mean, I do.
It's just making your brain better at being yourself.
There's better be a fucking good season of Community Man.
It's gonna be great.
It fucking hurts.
It's like scraping metal against concrete.
But Aaron said that I...
I guess I always say that?
Yes.
I feel really bummed about that one time you texted me.
I was really, really upset about that.
Wait.
When you texted me...
I don't know if we should talk about that.
Wait, what did I...
No, no, no.
You texted me about Community.
What did I say?
Well, I don't know for...
Just say it.
You were like,
I'm gonna come and do something about that.
Oh.
And then I couldn't do it.
And I was really bummed out that I couldn't do it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Second choice.
You texted me after Kumail.
Wait, is he gonna be on Community?
No.
That's the other Adam Goldberg.
My rule with him is that you have to land one bit from the audience.
That's why he keeps trying.
Smash this grasshopper from my hands.
If you can hook one ring around the pole.
Yeah, a bunch of monkeys just wrote a Shakespeare play before you landed the line.
I am zero for 116.
117.
I actually got through that.
You know what bums me out is that we got...
I'm back.
We got the whole fucking cast here.
And we're over time.
We can't play D&D now.
I know.
We started so late, though, technically.
Well, I mean, even starting that late, we're still pretty much.
No, yeah.
Why don't we just...
No, that's dumb.
No, no, no.
I was gonna say, why don't we just explain to Jeff what happened?
Fill me in what I've missed and we'll be ready to go for next time.
I would like to hear.
I also haven't been around.
I have a pitch.
Yes.
I want to use my power to make the audience applaud at something so that Spencer is compelled to it.
I think what would be amazing is if Spencer did whatever he wanted to do tonight, but
then the next time we see him in the new year, he has learned and is ready to start a Shadowrun
campaign.
What is that?
You see, it didn't pull.
Okay.
You're hearing mostly Adam Goldberg.
It's a cyberpunk thing from the 80s.
Is that what...
Hey, it was from the 80s, but now it's from the 40s.
It's like a William Gibson...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like a Genesis game.
It's like Blade Runner.
Yeah.
Yeah, but there's elves and dwarves and shit, too.
It's set in a world where magic has returned to an apocalyptically technotopic world.
It was called the NGE.
There was an acronym for it.
It was like the big awakening.
It's a role-playing game like D&D.
Yeah.
It's like D&D, but with guns and lasers and racism.
Well, I guess it's like...
It's like D&D.
Sold.
All the...
Do you have that as a stat?
Racism 15 or like...
You got to roll for your racism.
Ah, fuck, I'm a big...
I'm plus 15 versus Asians.
Oh, yeah, I guess different races.
You're more powerful.
I'm sorry.
Does that mean...
Like, what are you trying to pull off when you need a higher racism?
Do you need to say something...
Racist country or something?
Maybe they would give you more gold or...
You make Thanksgiving more uncomfortable for other people.
Yeah.
All right.
It's a great game.
I'm still learning how to play, so it'll be embarrassing for me.
Did Shadowrun start as that video game?
I only know it from the video game.
No.
It was around paper first.
It was around in like early 80s, and it was like...
They were like, cool things like comlink cell phones and like...
You know, pocket computer cell phones again.
Small flashlights.
Is there always a fake internet?
Yeah.
Small flashlights.
That was a huge component of Shadowrun.
Yes.
Healthy generators, cell phones.
Cat picture storage.
Yeah.
Lena Dunham buggers.
Buggers?
I don't know.
It's a bok trotter, I think.
I'm sure she's feeling very bugged right now.
Spencer, do you want music where you recap for me what happened to catch me up to date?
What's going on?
Me?
No.
I don't know what happened.
What's the last thing you remember?
Oh, God.
I...
Nothing.
Okay.
Well, that's probably saved.
I mean, shoot.
I mean, at some point, we were in a toilet.
I know that.
It's been a long time.
There was a bucket.
We were going back and forth in a bucket.
We were doing portal jumping through a bucket.
That was when I was around.
Bill Mardigans and there was that.
You went to Stony...
What was the book?
Rose Book.
You went to Rose Book.
Right.
Because there was intrigue happening in Rose Book with Father Tinder.
He turned out to be a kind of unsavory sort of figure and you were snooping around in his juice.
All right.
We were snooping?
You were, yeah.
Someone attacked him and killed him.
It turned out it was him.
It was just a big trick to lure you guys out.
He turned into a crazy demon and then he got smote by the party and then the police came up and they didn't buy.
They weren't, like, happy about the fact that you guys had killed their mayor.
And so you guys booked it from the police and then you guys didn't know what to do for, like, a long time.
And you went and talked to a lady named, I think, Charles, who was bathing in the swamp and bothered her a while.
And then you left and then you ran into a fire elemental and Quark raped the fire elemental.
That doesn't sound like Quark.
But the thing is, fire elementals are made out of fire.
So Quark's dick melted off.
And...
He had it coming.
He really did.
You live fast, die young man.
Out your dick off in a fire demon.
If you cast down the heat.
Keep your dick out of the fire elemental.
Then it turned out there was a secret magical shard of power.
It was like a Plot McGuffin and it was back in town.
And it turned out that the Frost Giant, he stole it and Admiral Darkstar went after that guy, the Frost Giant.
And so you guys were like, let's go over there.
And you were like, I don't know where to go.
So you met up with a little boy named Lil Baskins.
And he turned out to be, you know, not just a little boy, but like a little boy ghost.
But despite being a ghost, he was a pretty cool guy.
So he took you guys through the ghost way.
And then you came out in a forest and ran into some gnolls who were trying to come up with an ambush.
But they were too slow.
And so they were going to fight.
It seemed like they were going to fight.
And then it turns out that they just wanted that blood book that Sharpie had.
And they offered to buy it.
And then Sharpie acquiesced.
And then he just sold the book.
People say, Pot is bad for your memory.
And you're disproving that.
Yeah, I disprove all stereotypes about things I'm into.
It's nice.
It says the bearded role player in the Super Adventure Brothers shirt.
That's Harmontown. Thanks for coming, everybody.
Thank you very much.
Have a happy holiday.
We'll see you in the new year.
Camille, John Roy, Erin McGathy, Harmon.
Harmon McGathey.
Seek Donnelly.
Scoota.
Thank you for coming up.
And as always, Adam Goldberg, the eternal, the perennial Adam Goldberg.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Dan Harmon, everybody.
Thank you very much. Good night.
Spencer.
Spencer, of course.